Fontaine: ALL RIGHT,
CLASS, GET YOUR GAME ON--
TENNIS GAME, THAT IS!
COME ON,
WOULD SOMEONE TELL ME
WHAT IN THE WORLD
TENNIS HAS TO DO
WITH DUELING?
EVERYTHING!
TAKING TURNS,
THINKING ON YOUR FEET,
AND THE HARDER
YOU PLAY,
THE BETTER YOU DO.
WELL, IN THAT CASE.
ALEXIS, HEAD'S UP!
THAT'S DR. CROWLER--
THANK YOU.
ALEXIS, THAT BALL
ALMOST CREAMED YOU.
ARE YOU OK?
YEAH, WOULD YOU LIKE ME
TO CARRY YOU TO THE NURSE?
THAT'S OK, THANKS.
Boy, voice-over:
THAT'S ALEXIS RHODES.
DO YOU NEED ME
TO CARRY YOU
TO THE NURSE?
NO, I'M GOOD,
IT'S JUST I KNOW YOU
FROM OBELISK BLUE.
I'VE SEEN YOU AROUND--
NOT THAT I'VE EVER
HAD THE PLEASURE
OF TALKING TO YOU.
SWEET.
LET ALONE TOUCH YOU.
ANYWAY,
BACK TO MY MATCH.
WHAT WAS THE SCORE?
Second boy:
LOVE SOMETHING,
I THINK.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
4KIDS PRODUCTIONS
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKIN' TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOMETHINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX! ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT! ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
YOU BETTER PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE
THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX! ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
YOU BETTER PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
I'M REALLY, REALLY,
REALLY, REALLY,
REALLY, SORRY.
HOW WAS THAT?
NOPE.
THAT'S STILL NOT
A GOOD ENOUGH AN APOLOGY.
A LITTLE HARDER
NEXT TIME.
SOME OF MY VERTEBRAE
ARE STILL INTACT.
YA KNOW, DR. CROWLER,
I SAW THE INCIDENT
AND TECHNICALLY JADEN
WASN'T EVEN THE ONE
THAT HIT YOU
WITH THAT BALL,
IF YA DON'T MIND
ME SAYING.
WELL, I DO MIND,
BECAUSE JADEN WAS THE ONE
THAT STARTED IT.
I SAW THE WHOLE THING
WITH MY OWN TWO EYES.
WELL, ONE EYE.
CYCLOPS.
CARE REPEATING THAT,
YOU SLIFER SLUDGE?
LOOK, IF YOU'RE
GONNA PUNISH ME,
HOW 'BOUT
I JUST PROMISE TO
QUIT TENNIS?
I DON'T EVEN
LIKE IT.
DON'T LIKE TENNIS, EH?
WELL, THEN I CAN THINK
OF NO BETTER PUNISHMENT
FOR YOUR CRIME, THEN.
I'LL MAKE YOU PLAY
UNDER THE STRICT TUTELAGE
OF OUR CAPTAIN.
HE'LL WHIP YOU
INTO SHAPE IN NO TIME.
COME ON, I SAID SORRY.
OH, YES, AND YOU WILL BE.
Jasmine: ALEXIS.
WE FOUND OUT WHO
THAT HOT TENNIS GUY
IS FOR YOU.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT, MINDY?
I DIDN'T ASK YOU
TO FIND OUT
WHO HE WAS.
YEAH, YEAH.
ANYWAY,
HE'S A TOTAL CATCH.
NOW TRY TO STAY CALM.
HIS NAME IS
HARRINGTON ROSEWOOD,
AS IN ROSEWOOD
SPORTING GOODS,
AND THEY'VE GOT STORES
EVERYWHERE
AND HE'S THE HEIR.
PLUS HE'S A THIRD YEAR
OBELISK BLUE.
THAT'S GREAT.
GREAT?
AN OLDER GUY
WHO'S RICH
AND A HOTTIE?
THAT'S NOT GREAT,
ALEXIS,
THAT'S BOYFRIEND
MATERIAL,
SO GO ON
AND GET HIM.
GIRLS,
I'M JUST NOT LOOKING FOR
A BOYFRIEND RIGHT NOW.
AW, MAN. AW, MAN.
WHERE'S THE LOUSY
TENNIS TEAM?
WHAT'S WITH
SUPER SPAZZ OVER THERE?
DON'T KNOW, DON'T CARE.
ALEXIS, DO YOU KNOW WHERE
THE TENNIS TEAM MEETS?
OUT ON THE COURTS, SYRUS.
WHAT ON EARTH IS WRONG?
WHAT'S WRONG?
EVERYTHING'S WRONG.
CARE TO BE
MORE SPECIFIC, SY?
NO QUESTIONS.
HE'LL ONLY
COME BACK.
IT'S THE MOST
UNFAIR THING EVER.
DR. CROWLER'S
LETTING THE TENNIS
CAPTAIN
BOSS JADEN AROUND
AS PUNISHMENT
FOR HITTING HIM
WITH THAT BALL.
HOW'S THAT
THE MOST UNFAIR
THING EVER?
'CUZ THE CAPTAIN'S
THE GUY WHO
REALLY HIT CROWLER.
WHO'S
THE CAPTAIN?
SERVICE!
I THOUGHT THAT
WE WERE GONNA BE
PLAYING TENNIS,
NOT RUNNIN' SPEED DRILLS.
MAN, THIS GUY
DOESN'T LET UP.
COME ON, JADEN,
NO PAIN NO GAIN.
YOU'VE GOTTA HUSTLE
TO BUILD THAT MUSCLE.
YOU NEED TO SWEAT
TO BECOME A THREAT.
IF YOU DON'T
PICK UP THE PACE,
YOU WON'T WIN THE RACE.
OK, HARRINGTON.
YOU CAN LAY OFF
WITH THE SPORTS CLICHES.
I GET IT, I GET IT.
HEY, THERE'S NO
LETTER "I" IN
THE WORD "TEAM," JADEN.
WHY, THAT'S
THE VERY FIRST RULE
IN TENNIS.
REALLY?
EVEN WHEN
YOU'RE PLAYIN' SINGLES?
MOVING ON,
IT'S TIME WE GOT TO WORK
ON YOUR FOREHAND
AND BACKHAND.
I THINK
A THOUSAND STROKES
WILL HELP YOU
MAKE TENNIS
MORE YOUR RACKET.
GET IT? GET IT?
I GET IT.
THIS GUY'S A NUT.
THESE CLICHES,
THIS CRAZY PRACTICING--
YA KNOW,
HE IS A BIT OBSESSIVE.
LET HIM OBSESS--
OVER ME!
Harrington:
AND DONE...
WITH THE FIRST 10.
HI, ALEXIS.
ALEXIS?
HEY, THERE.
SORRY I'M SWEATING SO MUCH.
I'VE JUST BEEN KICKING
THIS GUY'S--
JADEN, YOU WON'T BELIEVE
WHAT I JUST HEARD.
I WAS ON MY WAY HERE
AND I RAN INTO
PROFESSOR BANNER.
HE TOLD ME SOMEONE'S
SPOTTED CHAZZ.
NO KIDDIN'?
WELL, WHERE IS HE?
A BENCH-WARMING
LOAFER LIKE JADEN
TALKING TO GIRL
LIKE ALEXIS?
NO WAY!
TIME TO RUN SOME
INTERFERENCE.
HEY, TIME OUT!
WHAT?
YOU CAN'T TALK TO
A FIRST ROUND PICK
LIKE ALEXIS.
I MEAN,
YOU CAN'T EVEN
RETURN A BUGGYWHIP
WITH SOME TOP SPIN,
SO STAY AWAY
FROM MY LITTLE
OBELISK PIXIE.
OBELISK PIXIE?
WONDER WHAT THAT
WOULD LOOK LIKE.
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
NO I DON'T.
LISTEN, JADEN,
I'M WARNING YOU,
JUST STEP AWAY FROM
THE BEAUTIFUL GIRL.
YOU'RE WAY OUT
OF YOUR LEAGUE.
DO NOT MAKE ME GO
ATHLETIC ON YOU.
WHOA, BRO, COOL OFF.
ALEXIS AND I ARE
JUST TALKING HERE.
NOW, YOU WERE SAYIN', LEX?
LEX?
WHAT IS THAT,
SOME KIND OF PET NAME?
WHERE'D IT COME FROM?
WHAT'S IT MEAN?
WHAT'S IT SHORT FOR?
"ALEXIS."
SURE, YOU'D LIKE ME
TO BELIEVE THAT,
WOULDN'T YOU?
WELL, I DON'T.
I DON'T BELIEVE
ANYTHING YOU SAY.
WHICH IS WHY
THIS LITTLE HUDDLE
IS OVER.
GREAT, SO THEN BEAT IT.
NO WAY, BRO.
KNOW YOUR SPORTS.
WHEN A HUDDLE IS OVER,
YOU MAKE YOUR PLAY.
YOU DON'T RUN AWAY.
I GET IT, YOU WANNA
TENNIS MATCH, RIGHT?
NO WAY.
I WANT A DUEL--
WINNER BECOMES
ALEXIS' FIANCE.
WHOA! FIANCE?
SLOW DOWN.
OH, I JUST
LOVE WEDDINGS.
YEAH, BUT I'M NOT SO SURE
ABOUT ARRANGED ONES.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THE STAKES,
BUT I NEVER BACK DOWN
FROM A CHALLENGE.
YOU GOT IT.
HARRINGTON,
LET'S THROW DOWN.
HERE WE GO.
YEAH, AND IF THIS GUY DUELS
LIKE HE PLAYS TENNIS,
IT'LL BE ROUGH GOING
FOR JADEN.
ALL RIGHT, YOU READY?
YEP, AND WILLING.
Both: LET'S DO THIS!
GET YOUR GAME ON.
TWO CUTIE PIE BOYS
DUELING IT OUT
FOR YOUR HAND IN MARRIAGE?
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
PLEASE, MINDY,
I'M NOT GETTING MARRIED.
OH, FINE, "ENGAGED."
WHAT,
ARE WE GOING TO
SPLIT HAIRS HERE?
I'M NOT GETTING
ENGAGED EITHER, JAZZ.
THE ONLY REASON I HAVEN'T
WALKED OUT OF HERE YET
IS TO SEE IF
THE RUMORS ARE TRUE--
TO SEE IF HARRINGTON'S
REALLY AS GOOD AS ZANE.
Sy, voice-over:
THOSE ARE THE RUMORS?
AW, MAN,
IF HARRINGTON'S AS GOOD
AS MY BIG BROTHER,
THEN HE MUST NOT DUEL
LIKE HE'S PLAYS TENNIS.
HE MUST DUEL
EVEN BETTER.
SERVICE!
FIRST, I'M GONNA VOLLEY
A SPELL CARD AT YOU--
SERVICE ACE.
A SPELL CARD ALREADY?
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT,
AND JUST LIKE A POWER SERVE,
IT'S GONNA MAKE YOU SWEAT.
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS.
I PICK A CARD.
THEN YOU HAVE TO CHOOSE
IF IT'S A SPELL,
TRAP, OR MONSTER.
IF YOU GUESS RIGHT,
YOU'RE FINE.
BUT IF YOU GUESS WRONG...
WELL THEN YOU GET SERVED
WITH A STINGING
1500 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
SO I JUST GUESS?
Jaden, voice-over:
EASY.
WOW, THIS REALLY IS
MAKING JADEN SWEAT.
YEAH, AND HUM, TOO.
Jaden, voice-over: HMM.
LOOK AT YOU.
I BET THIS IS PROBABLY
THE BEST WORKOUT
YOU'VE HAD ALL WEEK LONG.
ALL RIGHT, I'LL GUESS.
IT'S A SPELL CARD!
YOU SURE?
YOU CAN STILL CHANGE
YOUR MIND, YA KNOW.
THEN WAIT.
I'LL SWITCH MY GUESS
AND SAY IT'S A TRAP.
MONSTER.
LOOKS LIKE WE'VE FOUND
ANOTHER THING
YOU'RE BAD AT, HUH?
ANYWAY, NOW WE'LL PUT
THIS CARD AWAY
AND LET LOOSE
THE BIG STROKE.
SERVICE ACE!
GOOD LUCK RETURNING
THIS SHOT, PAL!
15-LOVE, AND I'LL PLACE
THIS CARD FACEDOWN
TO FINISH THE SET.
YOUR SERVE.
YEAH, AND I'D BETTER
MAKE IT COUNT.
HERE GOES!
Jaden, voice-over:
DECISIONS, DECISIONS.
WELL, SINCE HE DOESN'T
HAVE ANY MONSTERS OUT,
I SHOULD PROLLY JUST GO
FOR THE DIRECT ATTACK
WITH MY OLD FRIEND
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN.
NOW, AVIAN, SHOW
HARRINGTON WHY YOU'RE
THE REAL KING COURT.
QUILL CASCADE!
DON'T THINK SO, BIRDBRAIN.
I ACTIVATE RECEIVE ACE.
THIS TRAP CARD
NEGATES YOUR ATTACK
THEN DEALS
1500 DAMAGE POINTS
DIRECTLY TO YOU.
GOOD LUCK
FEATHERING THIS STORM.
THAT'S 30-LOVE,
THOUGH I DO HAVE TO PAY
3 CARDS BECAUSE
OF THE TRAP I PLAYED.
WELL, I'M JUST GONNA
THROW DOWN A FACEDOWN,
AND THAT'S IT FOR ME.
BOY, YOU ARE LAZY,
AREN'T YOU?
HEY, BRO, THAT'S FINE!
MAKES IT THAT MUCH
EASIER FOR ME.
I PLAY SMASH ACE.
IT LET'S ME
FLIP THE TOP CARD ON MY DECK,
AND IF IT'S A MONSTER--
LEMME GUESS--
I GET NAILED, RIGHT?
HEY, YOU'RE STARTING TO GET
THE SWING OF THIS, HUH?
AND YOU WILL BE
GETTING SWUNG AT.
OH, YEAH! A MONSTER.
LADY LUCK--
SHE HATES ME.
WELL, SHE LOVES ME.
OF COURSE, MOST GIRLS DO.
AND NOW GET READY
FOR SMASH ACE!
SORRY,
BUT I'M ACTIVATIN'
MY FACEDOWN CARD.
IT'S A TRAP--
FEATHER WIND.
EVER HEAR OF IT?
OR MAYBE
I SHOULD SAY,
HAVE YA EVER
CAUGHT WIND OF IT?
WHAT THE--
NO WAY!
SORRY, PAL,
BUT YOUR ACE
JUST GOT BLOWN
RIGHT OUT OF BOUNDS.
WELL, YOU KNOW
WHAT THEY SAY--
YOU WIN SOME,
YOU LOSE SOME.
SOMETIMES YOU'VE GOTTA
TAKE HITS TO GIVE 'EM.
GREAT, HE'S BACK
ON HIS CLICHE KICK.
WELL, HERE'S MINE--
HE WHO LAUGHS LAST,
LAUGHS LOUDEST.
THIS IS PATHETIC.
NOW THEY'RE SEEING
WHO CAN LAUGH
THE LONGEST?
COME ON, HARRINGTON!
JUST IMAGINE
ME TICKLING YOU
I'M STILL LAUGHING, JADEN.
JUST 'CUZ I'M TALKING,
IT DOESN'T MEAN I'M NOT.
YOU HEAR ME?
HEY, I'M STILL LAUGHING!
I'M STILL LAUGHING!
YOU'RE GONNA LOSE
THIS CONTEST JUST LIKE
YOU'RE LOSING THIS DUEL.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
HARRINGTON?
YOU CAN WIN
THIS LOUSY LAUGH FEST,
BUT THIS DUEL'S
A DIFFERENT STORY.
SURE, YOU MAY HAVE
HOME COURT ADVANTAGE,
BUT IT DOESN'T MATTER,
AND DO YOU
WANNA KNOW WHY?
'CUZ IN A DUEL
I'M ALWAYS AT HOME.
SWEET!
I'M PLAYIN' THIS.
OH, YEAH!
POLYMERIZATION!
FUSE CLAYMAN
AND BURSTINATRIX
INTO THE ELEMENTAL HERO
RAMPART BLASTER!
ALL RIGHT!
THAT'S HOW YOU DUEL,
JADEN.
NICE WORK.
LIKE THAT?
THEN YOU'RE GONNA
LOVE THIS.
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN,
ATTACK!
ELECTRIC ORB!
AND I'LL FOLLOW IT UP
WITH RAMPART BLASTER.
RAMPART BARRAGE!
ALL TIED UP.
WAY TO GO, JADEN!
WELL, AT LEAST
THEY STOPPED LAUGHING.
SO, GOT ANY CLICHES
TO SAY NOW?
I SUPPOSE,
BUT IN THIS CASE
I'LL LET MY CARD DO
MY TALKING FOR ME.
SEE, THIS ONE
SAYS IT ALL.
DEUCE!
ANOTHER SPELL CARD?
THAT'S RIGHT,
BUT I GUARANTEE
YOU'VE NEVER SEEN ONE
LIKE THIS BEFORE.
I CAN ONLY ACTIVATE IT
WHEN WE BOTH HAVE
1,000 LIFE POINTS.
AND HERE'S HOW IT WORKS.
FROM NOW ON,
EACH OF US CAN ONLY ATTACK
WITH ONE MONSTER
DURING OUR BATTLE PHASE,
AND LIFE POINTS DON'T MATTER.
YOU WIN BY BEING
FIRST TO DAMAGE THE OTHER
TWICE IN A ROW.
WAIT, SO IT'S JUST
A STRAIGHT UP
HEAD TO HEAD MATCH NOW?
RIGHT.
I TOLD YOU THAT CARD
WOULD SAY IT ALL.
I SUMMON THE BIG SERVER!
THE REASON
HIS SERVE IS SO BIG
IS BECAUSE IT STRIKES DIRECTLY
AT YOUR LIFE POINTS.
NOW, BIG SERVER,
ATTACK WITH SPIKED SERVE.
ADVANTAGE, HARRINGTON.
THAT WAS EASY.
NOW JUST ONE MORE STRIKE
AND YOU'RE FINISHED.
THE DUEL WILL BE OVER,
AND ALEXIS WILL BE MINE.
OH, AND BY THE WAY,
THE BIG SERVER
HAS A SPECIAL ABILITY
THAT LETS ME
TAKE SERVICE ACE
FROM MY DECK
AND PLACE IT IN MY HAND.
YOU GET A NEW CARD, TOO,
BUT IT WON'T MATTER.
I MEAN, LET'S BE REAL HERE.
THERE'S NO WAY IT'LL BE
AS GOOD AS THIS ONE.
HOW COULD IT BE?
NOW DRAW YOUR CARD.
ALL RIGHT,
AND NOW I'M SERVING UP
THE SPELL CARD SERVICE ACE.
YOU REMEMBER HOW IT WORKS,
RIGHT?
YOU CHOOSE THE CARD'S TYPE.
IF YOU'RE RIGHT,
YOU'RE GOOD.
YEAH, AND IF I'M WRONG,
I'M A GONER.
Jaden, voice-over:
'SPECIALLY SINCE THAT'LL
BE TWO HITS IN A ROW.
Sy, voice-over:
HE ONLY HAS
A 1-IN-3 CHANCE.
Alexis, voice-over:
IT ALL COMES DOWN TO THIS--
THE GAME, THE SET,
THE MATCH.
Jaden, voice-over:
HOPE I GUESS RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT,
I GUESS YOU DREW
A MONSTER CARD.
YOU GOT IT.
SWEETNESS!
YEAH, WE'RE
STILL IN IT.
OH, YEAH?
TELL ME IF YOU
STILL THINK YOU'RE IN IT
AFTER THIS.
I PLAY GIANT RACKET
AND EQUIP IT TO BIG SERVER.
SO, YA STILL IN IT?
TO WIN IT.
I CAN TAKE THAT
SERVER GUY DOWN.
MAYBE,
BUT YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO DO IT
ON YOUR FIRST TRY.
SEE, WHEN A MONSTER
IS EQUIPPED WITH GIANT RACKET,
IT HAS A ONE TIME POWER
THAT ALLOWS IT TO TURN
ANY BATTLE DAMAGE TO ZERO.
WAIT, AND SINCE YOUR
DEUCE ONLY ALLOWS ME
TO ATTACK WITH ONE
MONSTER PER TURN,
I WON'T BE ABLE TO
DESTROY HIM.
BIG SERVER CAN'T BE BEAT
BY ONE ATTACK.
EXACTLY RIGHT.
SO, AS YOU CAN SEE,
YOU'RE NOT IN IT,
YOU'RE NOT ALL OVER IT,
YOU'RE JUST ABOUT
TO LOSE IT.
Jaden, voice-over:
NOT AS LONG AS THERE ARE
STILL CARDS IN MY DECK.
HERE WE GO!
DRAW!
SWEET!
THE BALL'S
IN MY COURT NOW.
FIRST,
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
CARD DEFUSION.
WITH IT, I'LL DEFUSE
RAMPART BLASTER.
NOW I HAVE 3 MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD,
WHICH MEANS
EVEN IF YOU BLOCK
MY FIRST ATTACK,
I CAN STILL HIT YOU
WITH TWO MORE.
THEN YOU'LL LOSE
THE DUEL.
I'M STARTING TO SEE WHY
YOU'RE RANKED AS A SLIFER,
BECAUSE YOU DON'T LISTEN.
AS LONG AS
MY SPELL CARD'S OUT,
YOU CAN ONLY ATTACK
WITH ONE MONSTER PER TURN.
IT DOESN'T MATTER
IF YOU HAVE 3.
I'M STARTING TO SEE WHY
YOU'RE A SNOBBY OBELISK.
WHAT?
'CUZ YOU REALLY
UNDERESTIMATE
YOUR OPPONENTS.
I PLAY THE SPELL CARD
FEATHER SHOT.
IT LETS AVIAN ATTACK
ONCE FOR EVERY MONSTER
I HAVE ON THE FIELD.
I DREW THIS CARD
WHEN YOU ACTIVATED
THE BIG SERVER'S
SPECIAL EFFECT.
REMEMBER WHAT YOU SAID?
YOU GET A NEW CARD, TOO,
BUT IT WON'T MATTER.
YEAH, WELL, GUESS WHAT?
IT MATTERED!
GO, AVIAN!
ATTACK WITH
QUILL CASCADE TIMES 3!
THAT'S ONE.
THAT'S TWO.
AND THIS THIRD TIME
WILL BE THE CHARM.
WELL, THAT SETTLES THAT.
ALL RIGHT!
HE'S GETTING
MARRIED!
I MEAN,
SOMEDAY HE WILL,
MAYBE.
LEXI?
THIS CAN'T BE.
YEAH! THAT'S GAME!
BUT SHE WAS MY SOUL MATE!
MY FIRST DRAFT PICK!
MY MARQUEE GIRLFRIEND!
WOW, YOU HAD TO
WORK FOR THAT ONE, JADEN.
HEY, NO PAIN, NO GAIN.
SPEAKING OF GAIN,
HAS JADEN GAINED A WIFE?
SO ROMANTIC.
WELL, ALEXIS,
GUESS I'M YOUR FIANCE.
HE'S GOING
THROUGH WITH IT?
OH, MY.
SO WHAT'S "FIANCE" MEAN,
ANYHOW?
IT MEANS "FRIEND"--
AT LEAST,
FOR NOW, BIG GUY.
ALEXIS,
I'LL WIN YOUR HEART YET!
ALTHOUGH MINDY
DID SLIP ME HER NUMBER.